## Original Draft

Hello,

I hadn’t received any update on my last email so I just was reaching out again.

I did also have another issue come up shortly after that I wanted to report. 

When I was hired for the Merchandise Lead position, I was unaware that I would be covering the store while the Merchandise Team Leader went on maternity leave two weeks later. I was told on my first day that I would be covering for her while she was gone. I received two days of informal training that I could not understand because I have difficulties learning from videos instead of tactically and visually in person the I was told by the Area Manager Corey Meagher that I would be what’s called “ TDY-ing” as the temporary MTL. He told me that I would receive a 10% bonus by taking in the role and told me I wouldn’t see it until the end when the true MTL got back from maternity leave. So the agreement was all verbal and I wasn’t told anything else about any conditions. After leaving due to the previously written email about MTL Laurice Pangilinan, I reached out to AM Corey and was told that since I left without notice, that I “forfeited” my pay and I was taken aback. I asked if it was written somewhere in the policy that I could read and he told me he’d find it and send it to me. I came to find out that the TDY was supposed to be a read and signed agreement form with all the terms and conditions with a scheduled end date. I was very unprofessionally mislead to work in a position without pay and without an exact end date. I did not receive the form in which it states any terms or conditions to meet for me to potential receive any pay. Had I known any of the terms or conditions, I would have either not taken the position or not have resigned. I feel this is completely unfair treatment and I was taken advantage of for my work without knowledge. I was responsible for the visual presentation of the whole store alone without support and still was successful in completion of every floorset execution and I don’t feel this is legally right. I’ve contacted a lawyer and the Department of Labor to